AAhhh... much better! (after urinating)
Bitchin'!
Blow it out your ass! (referencing They Live)
Boooorn tooo beee wiiiiiiild... [singing (badly) in a karaoke]
Come get some! [reference to Ash's quote from Army of Darkness] (says after choosing the hard difficult setting or when picking up a new weapon)
Come on! (after the player was not moving for a while)
Damn....
Damn! (after dying)
Damn it. (after killing any of the women in the game)
Damn, I'm good! (says after choosing the "Damn, I'm Good" difficult setting or when corpses explode)
Damn... I'm looking good! (after looking at himself in a mirror)
Damn, those alien bastards are gonna pay for shooting up my ride. (after the aliens destroy his space ship at the very start of the game)
Damn, that's the second time those alien bastards shot up my ride! (at the start of the "Movie Set" level in Episode 3 ("Schrapnel City") when Duke falls out of his helicopter as it crashes straight into a block of concrete)
Damn, you're ugly. [in reference to Predator]
Do, or do not, there is no try. [in reference to Yoda]
Eat shit and die.
Get away from her, you bitch! (in reference to Aliens)
Get that crap outta here! (after corpses explode mostly by using pipebomb)
Die, you son of a bitch! (after defeating the Battlelords, in reference to Jaws)
Get back to work, you slacker! (checking out office computer playing Duke3d)
Go ahead, make my day. (reference to the same phrase from Clint Eastwood's character Dirty Harry in the film Sudden Impact)
Gonna rip 'em a new one.
Guess again, freakshow. Duke's coming back to town, and the last thing that's gonna go through your mind before you die... is my size-13 boot!
Groovy! [reference to Ash's quote from Evil Dead 2: Dead by Dawn after picking up a new weapon]
Hail to the king, baby! [reference to Ash's quote from Army of Darkness after picking up a new weapon]
Heh, heh, heh... what a mess! [After an enemy dies violently (exploding)]
Hey, She-bitch...let's rock! [Ash quote from Army of Darkness]
HHHHHHHHHHHEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! [Falling to his death]
Hmm, don't have time to play with myself. [Duke examines the Duke Nukem II arcade machine on "Hollywood Holocaust" level in Episode 1 ("L.A. Meltdown")]
Hmm, that's one "Doomed" Space Marine. [seeing a torn corpse of a Space Marine from Doom]
Holy cow!
Holy shit!
I'll rip your head off and shit down your neck. (when facing the Overlord; he does exactly this after killing it) [reference to Corey Feldman in the movie Stand By Me and/or to Marine 'to be' The Swede in the movie Heartbreak Ridge]
I'm Duke Nukem - and I'm coming to get the rest of you alien bastards! (After defeating the Battlelord)
I'm gonna get medieval on your asses! (Reference to Pulp Fiction)
I'm gonna kick your ass, bitch! (when facing the Alien Queen)
I'm gonna put this smack dab on your ass!
I ain't afraid of no quake! (in reference to ID Software's Quake PC Game, as well as Ghostbusters tagline)
I like a good cigar...and a bad woman...
I should have known those alien maggots booby-trapped this sub.
It's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum... and I'm all outta gum. (reference to They Live)
It's down to you and me, you one-eyed freak! (when encountering the Emperor)
It's time to abort your whole freaking species! (After defeating the Queen)
Let God sort 'em out! (Advice given by Arnaud Amalric during the Albigensian Crusade when asked by a Crusader how to distinguish the Cathars from the Catholics)
Let's rock! (Possible reference to Vasquez in Aliens)(says after choosing the medium difficult setting)
Looks like cleanup on aisle four. (Possible reference to Ash in Army of Darkness)
Lucky son of a bitch.
Mess with the best, you will die like the rest (reference to Hackers (1995))
My boot, your face; the perfect couple.
No way I'm eating this shit!
Nobody steals our chicks... and lives!
Now this is a force to be reckoned with! (after discovering a Stormtrooper's corpse hanging upside down] (reference to Dark Forces)
Nuke 'em 'till they glow, then shoot 'em in the dark!
Oh...your ass is grass and I've got the weed-whacker.
Ooh, I needed that! [After gaining health when less than 25%]
Ooh, that's gotta hurt. (says sarcastically after blowing up enemy corpses) [Possible reference to Ash in Army of Darkness]
Piece of Cake. (says after choosing the "Piece of Cake" difficulty)
See you in Hell!
Shake it, baby! (after handing a girl money)
Shit happens. (after stepping in alien or dog feces, reference to Forrest Gump or Predator 2)
Sometimes I even amaze myself. (In reference to Star Wars)
Staying alive, staying alive, la. (singing Bee Gees 'Staying Alive')
Suck it down!
Terminated! (after discovering the hydraulic press with the crushed Terminator skeleton in the secret 'Freeway' level)
This really pisses me off!
This is KTIT, K-Tit! Playing the breast- uhh, the best tunes in town.
That's gonna leave a mark!
We meet again, Doctor Jones! (after discovering Indiana Jones corpse hanging)
What are you waitin' for? Christmas? (after the player has been away from keyboard for a while) (reference to Die Hard)
What are you? Some bottom-feeding, scum-sucking algae eater?
Where is it?
Who wants some? (reference to Ash's quote from Evil Dead 2 after picking up a new weapon)
Wohoo!
Yeah, piece of cake!
Yippie ka-yay, motherfucker! (Bleeped out) [reference to Bruce Willis, from the Die Hard Films)
You guys suck!
You're an inspiration for birth control.
Your face, your ass - what's the difference? (reference to an Andrew Dice Clay joke)
You wanna dance? (after handing a girl money)